Metronome Application Help

Menu Bar Usage:

(1) To open a JSON file with saved Metronome settings (Beats Per Minute and Rhythm), select File | Open... from the menu bar.
(2) To save a JSON file with the current Metronome settings, select File | Save or File | Save As... from the menu bar.
(3) To exit the Metronome Application, select File | Exit from the menu bar.
(4) To view this help content, select Help | View Help... from the menu bar.
(5) To see information about the Metronome application, select Help | About... from the menu bar.

Metronome Usage:

(1) Use the slide control to change the beats per minute of the metronome.
(2) Optionally, type a rhythm specification (see below) into the text box, and press the <tab> key to enter the rhythm.
(3) Click the Start button to start the metronome beating. While the metronome is beating, it will audibly beep and flash the beacon
    to indicate the beats.
(4) While the metronome is beating, you can adjust the beats per minute, but not the rhythm.
(5) Click the Stop button to stop the metronome from beating.

Rhythm Specification:

The rhythm specification is a string of text characters following this key:
	
	"W": One full beat of the metronome, stressed
	"w": One full beat of the metronome, unstressed
	"r": Rest full beat of the metronome, stressed or unstressed does not apply
	"H": One half beat of the metronome, stressed
	"h": One half beat of the metronome, unstressed
	"Q": One quarter beat of the metronome, stressed
	"q": One quarter beat of the metronome, unstressed

If you want the metronome to simply beat at a regular interval, it is suficient to simply enter "w" as the rhythm, and the
metronome will beat every 60 s / <beats per minute>, with no stressed beats. This would be counted as 1...2...3...4.

If you want the metronome to beat a regular 4/4 time while stressing the first beat of each measure, the you should
enter a rhythm specification of "Wwww". This would be counted as 1...2...3...4, and all beats would be a quarter note,
but the first beat would be stressed.

If you want the metronome to beat a typical 3/4 rhythm, you could enter a rhythm specification of "Whhhh".
This would be counted as 1&...2&...3&. The first beat would be a stressed quarter note, and then 4 eighth notes would follow.

It should be noted that the beats per minute and the beat lengths set by the rhythm specification are not independent.
For example, 60 beats per minute with a rhythm of "w" is equivalent to 30 beats per minute with a rhythm of "h".

If you wish to rest for less than a full beat, this can be accomplished by using a longer less-then-full beat.
For example in 4/4 time:
	
	eighth note, eighth note, eighth rest, eighth note, eighth note, eighth rest, eighth note, eighth note ... = "Hwhwhh"
